Let's work on that new offer PAGE AND FOR DAD I'M INTO PLACES offers new offer folder and here's the
new offer.
HD team Al filed here I had my grip playground I don't need that anymore so let's remove that I will
work with the iron grip though.
But now in a more beautiful way and indeed I will use the grid and not iron list here to structure my
different inputs because I always want to have some input sit next to each other now and that will not
work with the iron and list that only positions items from top to bottom.
So let's start.
And first of all I'll assign a size here for this column and I'll make sure that if we are on smaller
devices or bigger we only take six columns and I add my offset s m of three here and then I'll start
with the first iron item that will wrap my first iron label and iron and put here and the first input
is all about the title of the place we're offering.
So all gives us a label of title and then add iron input type text here.
Now what do I haven't shown you thus far about what you can set on these inputs here are our special
attributes ionic supports like auto complete and auto correct.
And they will do just what it sounds like.
They will make sure that especially also on real mobile devices you get auto correction and auto completion
turn on and of course you can admit this if you don't want that behavior or explicitly set it to false
even.
But here I will add it also to show these attributes you can set and that is then my title here.
Now we're not done with a title.
I also want to allow users to enter a description and therefore in a new ion row I'll add a number I
in column which will get the same sizing and offset as the first column and then design column I'll
add yet another ion item with it.
I in labeling it which is our short description for the place we're creating.
And there I'll add i in text area actually just as we have a text area.
Normal HDL ionic all day has one and just as in normal HDL the ion text area is simply the input that
can span across multiple lines and allows us to enter longer text.
Now by the way since I've regarded both labels should have a position of floating.
So let me add it to the title label and then of course also to the short description label here.
Now back to the text area.
Just as on the text area each time all element you can add a rose attribute and set this to the amount
of rows this text area should show as a default.
And I'll set this to free.
And in general you can configure this as you can configure the normal aged him l text area and check
your official ionic docs to learn all about these components and how you can configure them which attributes
support and so on.
So that's the text area below that I want to have input for the price and therefore I'll just copy that
first ion row with the title in there edit here and replace the title label here with price and this
will be of type no because users should indeed enter a number here and not some text and therefore I
don't need auto completion or auto correction on their so thus far the text area is new but other than
that it's pretty standard.
Now let's have a look at a component that is not that much of a standard component but that is pretty
common in mobile apps and that is pretty powerful.